EMC Isilon Resource Plugin for iRODS

Third Party Software Read Me

Copyright© 2016 EMC Corporation. All rights reserved.
Published September, 2016

EMC believes the information in this publication is accurate as of its
publication date. The information is subject to change without notice.

The information in this publication is provided as is. EMC Corporation makes
no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the information
in this publication, and specifically disclaims implied warranties of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Use, copying, and
distribution of any EMC software described in this publication requires an
applicable software license.

EMC2, EMC, the EMC Logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of EMC
Corporation in the United States and other countries.

# EMC Isilon Resource Plugin for iRODS #
## Third Party Software Read Me ##

In order to function, EMC Isilon Resource Plugin for iRODS depends on a
number of components produced by third parties

## Third Party Software used by EMC Isilon Resource Plugin for iRODS ##

1. Title: iRODS
   - Copyright: Regents of the University of California, the University of
   North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and the Data Intensive Cyberinfrastructure
   Foundation
   - License: 3-clause BSD License
   http://irods.org/documentation/license/
   - How it's used: Interface headers from development package included from
   EMC Isilon Resource Plugin for iRODS source code
2. Title: Boost C++ Libraries
   - Copyright: Beman Dawes, David Abrahams, 1998-2005, Rene Rivera 2004-2005
   - License: Boost Software License, Version 1.0
   http://www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt
   - How it's used: Interface headers included from EMC Isilon Resource
   Plugin for iRODS source code
3. Title: Hadoofus
   - Copyright: Conrad Meyer
   - License: MIT license
   https://github.com/cemeyer/hadoofus/blob/master/LICENSE
   - How it's used: interface headers included from EMC Isilon Resource
   Plugin for iRODS source code; the plugin links dynamically with
   Hadoofus shared-object library

## Third Party Open Source Software licenses ##

### iRODS ###
iRODS is released under a 3-clause BSD License.

Copyright (c) 2005-2016, Regents of the University of California, the
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and the Data Intensive
Cyberinfrastructure Foundation. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
Neither the name of the University of California, San Diego (UCSD), the
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS “AS IS”
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

### Boost ###
Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

### Hadoofus ###
Copyright (c) 2012 Conrad Meyer <conrad.meyer@isilon.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.